world champion buying the Pumas UNAM top
position
Bogota was an elimination round of
bowling World Cup mega- sopran cha iron
subhana Allah Sina Palmisano in our
Ponte la melena Matassa 8 game series
conquer yet Nalepa sonia and nothing
leader nasa Kevin Hills name Britannia
World Cup for the third and president'll
time in Lemont France now holding a
total of four work tear tape tape
welcome along ili Avenue in Makati
Thomas ot buying Nepomuceno arrives
tomorrow from a successful campaign in
the recent world bowling Cup held in the
Mon France the Palmisano who became the
first player to win the World Cup title
fries will plane in at around 2:15 in
the afternoon after a short press
statement at the Ninoy Aquino airport
he will be brought to the Makati
commercial centre where he will be
accorded a ticker tape parade along
Ayala Avenue mangu victory did not come
in easy for the gallant Filipino
left-hander who had to go up against 52
of the world's finest bowlers I had a
hard time with a different venue they
put into special aims in a stadium which
the lanes were a bit different from the
venue that we played all throughout the
week and it was a one-game thing so you
have to be aggressive in his father and
coach angel finds it hard to believe
that a lifelong dream has now become a
reality like a dream come true
topping sports news tonight triple World
Cup champions by iana Pumas on a return
to a hero's welcome this afternoon the
35 year old lefty beat Hakeem CC of
Germany 210 to 185 in the finals to
become the first bowler to win the World
Cup right time mr. Mackenna received a
rousing welcome when he arrived with
afternoon fresh from capturing his third
World Cup bowling
son a motorcade from the Ninoy Aquino
International Airport all the way to the
result memorial complex followed fans
force officials and national bowling
team members here in the 1976 World Cup
in Tehran
he became the youngest champion at age
19 and now with his smashing
record-breaking performance in Memaw
France massive M berate tempo Misano is
the first ever to win three World Cup
crown